# Inuyama

An Android application with a companion fullstack web application.

Initially it was intended to be a "super-app" / "personal assistant" - a collection of tools I was missing in my day-to-day life. It turned out that for most of the things I needed there are already existing apps. Thus, the feature set is unsurprisingly small and really random:
1. RuTracker / nyaa.si monitoring and auto-downloading; useless now because the \*arr-stack exists
2. A finance tracker with cool-ish charts in the webapp and multi-currency support (no crypto though, I ain't going to pay for APIs); still kinda useful
3. Yeah, that's basically it

Everyone loves bullet points. So, here you go:
* The finance tracker will probably be reincarnated someday as a separate app with a total rewrite.
* Don't try to build this, don't try to use this. This is not reverse psychology. Just don't. It's bad.
* Super-apps are bad. Don't make them, don't use them. One purpose - one tool. Use a shared library or something if you want to make an "ecosystem".
* The code here is a mess. Especially in the mobile app. Most of it was written a long time ago - I hope I managed to become better since then.
* The mobile app can auto-discover the companion server in the same local network using IPv4 broadcasts. Could be used for reference, I guess?
* The mobile app and the server communicate using a custom encrypted "protocol" (which is probably just a reinvented HTTPS or something). Could be used for reference (you really shouldn't), I guess?
* App icon was generated by AI (don't remember which one) when it wasn't cool yet and traced/corrected by hand in Inkscape.
